{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue21;\red247\green247\blue247;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10980\c10980\c10980;\cssrgb\c97647\c97647\c97647;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pat the chicken dry and make a few shallow cuts in each leg with a sharp knife. Stir the yogurt with the ras el hanout, olive oil, garlic, lemon juice and 2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken and turn until well coated. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, up to 8 hours.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Grill pan instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and coat a rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat and grease with oil. Once the pan is hot, remove the chicken from the marinade with tongs, shaking off the excess, and grill for 5 minutes on each side. Transfer the chicken to the prepared baking sheet and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken registers 165 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Grill instructions: Heat the grill to medium high and set up two-zone grilling (keep one side of the grill cooler than the other). Brush the grates generously with oil to prevent sticking. Remove the chicken from the marinade with tongs, shaking off the excess, and grill on the hotter zone until nice grill marks form, about 5 minutes per side. Move the chicken, flat-side down, to the cooler zone. Cover the grill and cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken registers 165 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Top the grilled chicken with lemon slices and chopped parsley leaves, if desired.\cb1 \
}